Welcome to MessageViewer, a message viewing app that allows users to send and recieve messages to any number of friends. The features included in our app allow users to create password protected profiles on which they can add and remove friends. Users can also block other users in order to prevent unwanted communications. User data is saved in files to ensure that information is saved even when the app is exited. 
## Interfaces and Classes
In Phase 1 of the creation of the MessageViewer we have created dedicated interfaces called SocialMediaUser, MessageInterface, and MessageThreadInterface which outlines the abstract methods that are implemented in our MessageViewerUser, MessageThread and Message classes. Within these classes the user is constructed, which includes the attributes name, username, and password. Multiple Arraylists are then instantialized to prepare to store the user's data including the friends and blocked files. Additionally, messages are stored in ArrayLists so that sent and recieved message history is saved for users to refer back to in later uses. In order to ensure that the MessageThread is thread safe despite being accessed by multiple user servers, we have utilized the synchronized method. 
## Exceptions
In order to ensure the program does not crash, multiple exception classes have been created to account for user error. The BlockedUserException class deals with users attempting to unblock a user who was already not blocked. Furthermore, the InvalidUsernameException and InvalidPasswordException class deals with a user trying to set a username or password that does not align with the requirements. 
